april 12th in the year 2212.
it's a great date for humanity the 300th
anniversary of the launch of the
legendary titanic
the best engineers of the world have
collaborated for years
to bring their masterpiece to the public
the space tannic
and they've done it just in time the
glorious spaceship is waiting in its
harbor
under the limelight photographed by
thousands of people
the trip was scheduled for april 12th
just like 300 years ago
finally the big day has come the
passengers are going on board the most
magnificent spaceship of the time
they call it unbreachable it has 12
decks
from the third class closer to the
bottom to the most luxurious first class
on the top
with panoramic views of outer space
the ship is preparing for launch the
engines are starting
the final countdown has begun and the
space tannic
is off into the sky it quickly becomes
no more than a speck in the big blue
and then disappears
the first day of the flight goes
perfectly the ship leaves the earth's
atmosphere in less than an hour
and passengers enjoy the wonderful view
outside
the blue and green planet on the
backdrop of the black void of space
the ship slows down a bit as it moves
into orbit
there are too many satellites and space
debris circling around the earth
the space tannic has to go carefully and
maneuver around the chunks of metal
floating in zero g
one of them heads straight towards the
ship but it turns on the side burners
and moves out of the way just in time
the scrap floats by safely finally
the ship is out of the danger zone and
into the big black
it turns on the back thrusters to
accelerate and heads to the bright side
of the moon
it's going to be the first destination
of the sightseeing tour
the planet becomes gradually smaller
behind and about halfway to the natural
satellite
people on board can marvel at the side
of the sun
the huge ball of burning plasma is
bigger and brighter than ever in the
cosmic darkness
suddenly the ship's captain makes an
announcement all passengers are invited
to the promenade decks
to watch as the solar panels are being
unfolded
people go outside to goggle at the site
the silver and black panel
slowly emerge from their containment
slots and the space tannic
finally takes its real form as the sun's
energy begins to flow
into the ship the thrust engines turn to
minimum
the spaceship is now in energy
collecting mode for the trip to mars to
take just a few days
it needs to make a transit jump in
another five hours
another announcement rings across the
board the ship
is approaching the moon and the
passengers are invited to look at the
satellite from up close
the space tannic passes by at several
thousand miles
and the moon looks huge all the craters
on the satellite
even the smallest ones are clearly
visible
the view is outstanding the moon is left
behind
and lights on the ship go dim there's no
natural change of day and night in space
so the crew monitors the time and
imitates the shift
the next day promises nothing of
interest as there's going to be a long
traverse between the moon and mars
the passengers are wandering off to
their cabins to sleep
the next two days go uneventful
on the decks there are numerous types of
entertainment for guests
from gyms and swimming pools to game
rooms and dancing halls
people wander around the promenade decks
enjoying the serene views of space
nothing bodes trouble on the fourth day
the captain finally announces that the
space tannic is preparing for the
transit jump in 30 minutes
when the time comes the passengers only
feel a slight tug
as the huge vessel leaps through
space-time
entering the vicinity of mars
many passengers go outside to look at
the red planet
which is already visible in the dark
abyss the tour is entering its final
stage
but the landing is only planned for late
night
at 11 pm when most passengers were
already in their
beds the space tannic begins the final
maneuvers
it has to make a little roundabout trip
over mars
because the port is on the other side of
the planet
the flight is nearing its end only a
couple of hours left before landing
the ship is in the orbit on the far side
of mars
everything's quiet too quiet
all of a sudden an enormous boom
thrashes the whole space tannic
throwing sleeping people out of their
beds blinking emergency lights turn on
everyone's confused but no announcement
comes from the captain
and only those who have been on the
starboard side promenade deck
noticed the horrible detail the right
front wing has been torn off
and is zooming past them towards the
stern
pressing their faces to the glass
straining to look at the hull
they see a huge gash near the nose of
the ship
the space tannic shutters again and
chunks of metal fly out of the gaping
hole
the ship rapidly loses pressurization
meanwhile the broken off wing hit the
stern and left
another gash in it mechanisms in the
engine compartment start to fall apart
and are dragged into space the ship
groans and comes to a halt
suspended thousands of miles above mars
at last the captain announces through
the intercom that the space tannic
has unexpectedly collided with a rogue
asteroid
all passengers are asked to proceed to
their respective decks for evacuation
within an hour all rescue capsules are
occupied and ready to be deployed but
about a third of the passengers are
still
on board the ship it turns out many of
the capsules were blown away at the
collision
history seems to repeat itself the
captain still orders to deploy the
capsules
and they whoosh out of containment tanks
leaving hundreds of people behind
some left without their family members
not knowing what fate awaits them
the capsules float in space for a few
seconds and then
turn on their thrust engines heading to
the martian surface
another order from the captain everyone
is to go down to their cabins
and put on pressurized suits stored
under their beds
as the passengers rush to comply the
space tannic sends distress signals to
mars and
everyone in the vicinity a hundred
thousand miles away
a large trade ship leona picks up the
signal and hurries to help
the creeks and groans on board the space
tannic become more and more frantic
people are sitting silently in their
cabins it's quiet on board
except for the sounds of the slowly
disintegrating ship
and then suddenly a loud snap resonates
throughout the space tanning
and the vessel cracks in tube a gigantic
fracture goes from top to bottom
almost perfectly halfway across the
decks
pressurized glass covering the promenade
shatter into millions of pieces slowly
flying away from the ship
with the decks depressurized people and
things are blown away into outer space
thankfully all of the passengers and
crew are wearing their suits as ordered
but they only have about an hour before
they run out of oxygen
people help each other by floating
together and hauling stranded ones to
their groups
they can barely control their floating
but somehow they still managed to bring
some order to the chaos
huddled together in orbit above the
ominously red planet
they watch as the mighty space tannic
turns into a heaping pile of space
debris
45 minutes have passed the oxygen is
running low
and people try to breathe as slowly and
carefully as they can
there's still no help in sight and
they're preparing for the worst
but then one of them starts waving and
pointing somewhere
it's a bright spot hardly different from
the stars and far space
but it's getting closer by the second
and within five minutes
the relief people see a spaceship
speeding towards them
the leona's arrived just in time to save
the day
quickly but without hurry leona's crew
gather
everyone floating in space around the
remains of the space tannic
and haul them on board their ship
in a few hours the leona safely lands at
mars main
spaceport the newspapers called it the
day when the titanic
sank again